docs: add suggestions on troubleshooting local installs (#3974)
electron/electronjs.org: CONTRIBUTING.md

You should now have an Express server running at
[localhost:5000](http://localhost:5000) :tada:

### Installation Troubleshooting

> If there was an error building the `node-sass` dependency, try running `npm rebuild node-sass`.

Reviewer: Sorry, I accidentally suggested not having a consistent use of verb tense.

```suggestion
If there is an error building the `node-sass` dependency, try running `npm rebuild node-sass`.
```

> **NOTE**: If errors are still shown after you have installed all the dependencies, try to delete the node modules directory in your project and run `npm install` again. 

Reviewer: "Note" should be bolded or capitalized, not both.

`node_modules` should be spelled and formatted correctly.

```suggestion
**Note**: If errors are still shown after you have installed all the dependencies, try to delete the `node_modules` directory in your project and run `npm install` again. 
```

You should now have an Express server running at
[localhost:5000](http://localhost:5000) :tada:

Use `npm update` to update all dependencies before running run `npm install`.

### Installation Troubleshooting

If there was an error building the `node-sass` dependency, try running `npm rebuild node-sass`.

> **NOTE**: If errors are still shown after you have installed all the dependencies, try to delete the node modules directory in your project and run `npm install` . 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: If errors are still shown after you have installed all the dependencies, try to delete the `node_modules` directory in your project and run `npm install` again. 
```

You should now have an Express server running at
[localhost:5000](http://localhost:5000) :tada:

> NOTE: Make sure you have all dependencies/packages updated. Try installing all dependencies before you run `npm run dev` . 

Reviewer: This shouldn't be necessary, `npm install` is listed in the instructions above.

> Use `npm update` to update all dependencies before running run `npm install`.

Reviewer: This isn't a good idea unless you're trying to make a pull request to update dependencies. Otherwise you'll have a lot of unnecessary noise in your pull request.

Reviewer: I still don't think this is a good idea. Can you explain why you had to do this in order to get `electronjs.org`'s dependencies installed?

> Try to rebuild the file/directory shown in the error `npm rebuild node-sass` if error was something like this 
> `Error: ENOENT: no such file or directory, scandir 'C:\Users\home\electronjs.org\node_modules\node-sass\vendor'`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Installation Troubleshooting

If there was an error building the `node-sass` dependency, try running `npm rebuild node-sass`.
```

> NOTE: If some error is still shown after you have installed all the dependencies, delete the node modules directory in your project and run `npm install` . Feel free to ask for help .

Reviewer: Ask for help where?

```suggestion
**Note**: If errors are still shown after you have installed all the dependencies, try to delete the `node_modules` directory in your project and run `npm install`. Feel free to ask for help.
```
